The two princes came from afar
My generation feasts
For the two Xichen
And you will not have a single sip.
how
Don't you give me face?
General Ji
Monsters come at any time
Still drink less bar
I don't know good or bad
Do you want to rebel instead of inheriting martial arts?
Hmph, it's you who rebelled
This is the emperor's secret
Tea Xuanye pear
Want to collude with demons
should cooperate inside and outside
Qin offended my Qingzhou country
Nonsense
What emperor's secret
It was clearly Ye Muze who gave it to you
Humph
My nephew was ordered to nuts
His will is the will of the emperor
Get it for me
Shoot to kill rebels
General Ji is fighting infighting at this time
Must be in disorder
The military is unstable
Aquaman
General Ji asked me to take the second prince to the well for detailed investigation
Beifu's family
You get out of the way now
I will forgive you
Don't forget your family
Still in Shangjing
Our black family has been neutral for generations
It's different from your best
If you don't know, kill me anyway
Prince, hurry up
Takeshi Kanejo, you traitor
I'll kill you!
You you you
Hurry up, there are green mountains
Not afraid of not holding hands
I am right
Let's just go.
Let's go!
Why don't you run away?
Introduce me, you have to die
Stop
Captain, they're gone
He's all right in the woods ahead
They ran away